Wow... just Wow. The title is a clear misdirect. It's not the longest movie in the world, and it's not the most meaningless movie in the world. What it is, is actually one of the longest movies in the world, and the most meaningful. Clearly people didn't understand the genius of this motion picture. I'll admit it. The plot of this movie is quite complex, and it requires your full attention at all times. You might find it tedious, but that's just because the human race has evolved in a way where you can't appreciate films like this because of your shortened attention spans. If you're one of those casual movie viewers who only watch those silly action movies which leave you with nothing to learn, then don't watch this movie. It wasn't made for you. You don't deserve to be in it's presence because of you're clearly lower intelligence quotient. This is a movie for true film connoisseur, someone with actual taste and intelligence. Everything from the cinematography, to the screenplay, the acting. It's just phenomenal. This movie is an experience. You're left in the dark at first with seemingly random things happening, but slowly you'll start to piece things together, and you will start to see the full picture, this masterpiece. Now I know someone of you are confused because of your slow mind. The only reason I give this movie a 9/10 is because I don't believe in 10/10s. There is no perfect film, and while this comes close to it, as a film connoisseur I understand that no movie deserves a 10/10. Regardless this is still a masterpiece. Like the plot suggest, "A never ending movie that will make you want to have a vacation after you watch it..." You'll need a vacation after this movie, but not because of its length, but because of the mental toll this movie has on you. It just leaves you on the edge of your seat with the insanely genius screenplay, and beautiful cinematography and performances. It's truly a movie for very intelligent people like myself. The vacation you take is going to be all about reassessing your future, because this movie will change you forever.